{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NSS1405_Beyer_Matthew_SDLAssignment\
\
One of the oldest and most widely used models is the ITERATIVE model.  This models dates back to the 1970\'92s but is still very popular to this day.  The iterative process starts with the project requirements.  After this the design phase begins and you will begin to implant and evaluate it.  Corrections will be made and once satisfied you will go on to the next iteration.  This allows for more flexibility and a better overall product.  \
\
Another popular SDLC is The Spiral Model.  This was proposed  by Barry Boehm in 1988.  It consists of basically 5 parts beginning with the Planning phase which is where you will set requirements and begin the project.  Next we have the review phase where we make sure all the requirement have been accounted for and provide options/alternatives.  Next step is risk analysis where we will discuss possible problems we may encounter during the development.  The we begin to develop the prototype.  In this phase we make several prototypes.  Lastly is the engineering phase and this is where the integrate all of the above and make the final design.  This cycle is repeated until the project is finished and has met all the standards of the both the clients and the developers.  \
\
I personally prefer the Spiral method as it seems to better manage all the individual parts the the project.\
\
\
Matthew Beyer}